my name's rummy timmons and I play it
very quarks football club and I'm
captain of the team this year the goal
for my team is to probably make finals
because the last two years we've just
missed out so the first games coming up
this weekend and I'm a little bit
nervous we have a new coach is here Sean
Smith and I think it's going to be a
great asset to the team has already
taught us a lot of new things and being
a great preseason coach and I think
you'll be really good getting us the
finals this year hi I'm Sean Smith and
senior coach at the very Quinn's
football club I bit nervous obviously
it's my first game of them of serious
that not practice games of women's
football yeah hopefully we can do well
foods been a bit of a bogey side as last
few years it probably cost is the finals
berth so we are 15 girls go get my 12
I'd start to eat brains which done keep
your mind right supplies you sweet stuff
thank you pumpkin your promises that
girls the biggest reaction I probably
get is you look too much of a girl here
to be playing football and they sort of
underestimate how tough women's football
really
me
but they start getting down here we've
got to go man the matter drop that's a
bit of talk to us know once they turkey
that's okay
he's
when I first took the job on lot of guys
that I'd been involved coaching their
sins could be joking him you know like
what are you doing to living a crazy and
in something Beckham I think of all I
was coming to the unknown and really
know a lot about women's football didn't
know really what to expect in women's
football but some of the skills and some
of the dedication of some of the girls
is is better than the guys okay we're
hoping to make the video Rafael not
different to the men we're still human
and we play the sport because we love it
but because it's men and women so yeah I
wouldn't save as much difference between
men and women football the skill in
women's football is just amazing cousins
it's just the company of things helping
fumblings couple mistakes like that all
balls dad so that sort of it's not gonna
be pretty people talk about hardness and
toughness and head over the ball okay
the running the gut running okay yeah
hefty though he goes if he's tired you
got 25 minutes left
the one thing the one positive with the
girls is you you tell them something and
they try and do it you know they go out
and try their best to do it a lot of
guys I've coached they know everything
or you want playing the back pocket I'm
not playing back pocket you know the
girls just okay how do you play back
pocket you know and they go out and they
do it they don't really really complain
that much they do complain a little bit
super down there but that's okay so it's
a difference between the girls and the
boys a lot of girls having played
football before so you really got to go
back to real basics and then teach me to
kick and things like that which is which
is really good we see people getting
better which is which is really really
rewarding for myself as a coach win or
lose Harry can we go bad girls alright
so we can only have so many glorified
losses so I'm gonna get some some stage
get across the line all right okay it
really vault don't girls the weekend
will try and go girls were college I
encourage a lot of girls to come join in
the v WL women's league football because
it's lots of fun it's not only about
playing the game on the day we do lots
of outside events have a lot of fun do
team bonding things sporting camps meet
great people and yet it's just a lot of
fun so I recommend it for anyone where
is it going in the next 10 years well
that's a crystal ball it's a hard thing
to know but there was talk about
national comp ten years time who knows
but I definitely will be a lot of strong
leaders now it's not going to go away
for that was getting
is getting bigger and being bigger every
year so hopefully the National Kabul
your ass